Day01/NOTES.md, before:

# Pomodoro Technique - 📝 Notes from the journey 🍅 by 🍅

## 🏷️ Labels

- ✅ done
- 🚧 WIP
- ❌ ERROR
- ⚠️ TODO

## 🍅 Pomodoro 1: understand the problem at hand

- ✅ Read description
- ✅ Import input data
- ✅ Find the correct distance value for a list of one entry
- ✅ Work towards two line lists
- ✅ Pass the Star 1 example
- ✅ Let's try and get that first ⭐️

## 🍅 Pomodoro 2: unto the second star
- ✅ Clean-up test file
- ✅ Read description for the second part
- ✅ Extract function to create two lists of numbers out of the input
- ✅ For a list where none of the numbers on the left and right columns are shared, the total similarity score is 0
- ✅ Fixed logic error ❌: we should not multiply numbers with themselves. But instead multiply them with the amount of times they are in the right column. For single line lists, that is either 0 or 1
- ✅ Calculate the similarity score for two line input

## 🍅 Pomodoro 3: let's get that star!
- ✅ Calculate the similarity score for two line input, but this time the matching number is the second one
- ⚠️ Calculate the similarity score when an occurance is more than once

Commit message:

Test: For the example input, the total similarity score should be 31

Day01/NOTES.md, after:

# Pomodoro Technique - 📝 Notes from the journey 🍅 by 🍅

## 🏷️ Labels

- ✅ done
- 🚧 WIP
- ❌ ERROR
- ⚠️ TODO

## 🍅 Pomodoro 1: understand the problem at hand

- ✅ Read description
- ✅ Import input data
- ✅ Find the correct distance value for a list of one entry
- ✅ Work towards two line lists
- ✅ Pass the Star 1 example
- ✅ Let's try and get that first ⭐️

## 🍅 Pomodoro 2: unto the second star
- ✅ Clean-up test file
- ✅ Read description for the second part
- ✅ Extract function to create two lists of numbers out of the input
- ✅ For a list where none of the numbers on the left and right columns are shared, the total similarity score is 0
- ✅ Fixed logic error ❌: we should not multiply numbers with themselves. But instead multiply them with the amount of times they are in the right column. For single line lists, that is either 0 or 1
- ✅ Calculate the similarity score for two line input

## 🍅 Pomodoro 3: let's get that star!
- ✅ Calculate the similarity score for two line input, but this time the matching number is the second one
- ✅ Calculate the similarity score when an occurance is more than once
- ✅ Use the example input to see this working for multiple lines
